# October 5th 2023 Meeting Minutes
### Meeting Plan:
- Discuss work breakdown of diagramming
- Discuss templates Josh created
- Work on weekly checkpoint
- Discuss tech stack if need to be revamped
- Anything else ğŸ˜µâ€ğŸ’«

### Meeting Minutes
- Tech stack keep the same, build backend from framework, front-end from scratch(ish)
- Templates look good
- Kael: ER diagram, Abby & Abhinav: Wireframe, Beck: DFD, Josh: Admin work
- ### ASK IF NEED TO DO MEETING MINUTES
